yes yes when h
yes yes when
very stupid but it is eliminated
I am also closed in the Netherlands
only this time ironically
in the bathroom that is exactly the place where the last time went out
was only shown in the bathroom
this is the sink
the sea level but that is now
that is again so typical
exactly as I turned over here locked up government paper
they were shown
and i go
we wait until the dish becomes
the eo network
well i just took a short shower and i will just leave the shower
see
because i thought
if a child is anyway
and otherwise a resident of the own tribe must stay once
I might as well take a shower
currently it is still locked so i
ditch show
it's the lock
but is together
the businesslife
otherwise what place of poker stars
so i can't get out
I am now going to theo
Johan work more so now four times a day later and I have nothing at all
decent food
I have had members of the cut then take the pasta that have the
eaten in recent days
and actually there is not that much nutrients in it
and I'm actually quite hungry
And the entire time their passenger touched my mouth and that is nothing
the door is still locked
and I do not understand why that damn think I have something for you
how so
Leo works more but yes I am so out of the bathroom nec must first go to the
contest
we go these dark corridors and
the first lesson 7
he did not have to recruit the same again for traffic on Sunday
euros
the van der Voort would still be there but delicacies are welcome
then I was filming this month
until next time